this is the kind of flexibility you get
when you're a kid except that's not true
because I just achieved this skill a few
months ago in my 20s and you can too by
the way studies show that the more
stiffer you are the more effective
stretching becomes so being stiff and
old is not an excuse anymore first
active stretch just go to a 9090
position like this and lift that back
leg I promise it's way harder than it
looks just hold it for 30 seconds if you
can and next Rel relax flex your
hamstring and sink into that stretch a
little bit further and hold for another
set of 30 seconds but dude if you feel
pain especially in your knee don't be
dumb about it oo my knee kind of hurt so
bounce back and forth for three sets of
30 seconds and you'll be on your way to
actually Conquering the W Sit Stay flexy